Improved "Accessibility testing" and "Building accessible websites" (#1491)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/accessibility/design.md

---
# Designing accessible websites

Creating an inclusive design makes technology usable by all people no matter their age, education, geographic location, language, or disability.  People using technology and browsing the web have a wide range of abilities and preferences.  As you design your website, keep in mind the following key accessibility scenarios.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Screen readers

> Users who are blind or visually impaired rely on screen readers to interpret and interact with the UI of your app.  Interpreting involves reading the UI element names, roles, values, and so on, and interacting with the UI involves moving the focus from one element to another and invoking functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who are blind or visually impaired rely on screen readers to interpret and interact with the UI of your app.  Interpreting involves reading the UI element names, roles, values, and so on. Interacting with the UI involves moving the focus from one element to another and invoking a function.
```

Author: @vchapel - ended up with this.  Broke up sentence per Comment:

Users who are blind or visually impaired rely on screen readers to interpret and interact with the UI of your app.  Interpreting involves reading the UI element names, roles, and values.  Interacting with the UI involves moving the focus from one element to another and invoking functionality such as clicking an element.
